Fourth, who is Gu Yan?
It turns out that the man last night was you
I didn’t tell you when I came back from Zhangcheng
I've been lying to you all along
Everything that happens in your family is fake, liar
That's not what happened
i admit i
I do bother you about my identity
But I love you with all my heart and soul
I've always been serious
Please listen to my explanation
Yes ma'am
He was trying to save you last night
Specially arranged flight
Nothing is done
Not suitable for flying at all
Let him just fly back
Si'an and I grew up together
I've never seen him withdraw from a woman
So angry
I don't need you to talk too much. I'm sorry.
Actually it was a few breakfasts ago
I'll take you to see my grandpa
I just want to talk to you about me
kind of family family
But it wasn’t my grandfather at that time
How many issues will it be shipped to Qiankong?
I can only take care of my grandpa first
I talk to someone else
It's you who died
Then you are not from the same world
End the formation of my coming, don't leave
Sorry, let me try to tell you some trivial matters.
Take one person